docs/user-guide/cloud/digital-ocean.rst, before:

*************
Digital Ocean
*************

**Digital Ocean** — cloud services that help to deploy and scale applications that run simultaneously on multiple
computers. Digital Ocean optimized configuration process saves time when running and scaling distributed
applications, AI & ML workloads, hosted services, client websites, or CI/CD environments.

Step 1: sign up
===============

Visit the |registration_link| to create your own account on ``Digital Ocean``.

.. |registration_link| raw:: html

   <a href="https://cloud.digitalocean.com/registrations/new" target="_blank">registration link</a>

If you login through another services such as ``Google``, some steps below couldn't be suitable for you.

.. image:: /img/user-guide/cloud/digital-ocean/sign-up-form.png
   :width: 100%
   :align: center
   :alt: Sign up form

After entering initial credentials you will get the pop-up to verify the account.

.. image:: /img/user-guide/cloud/digital-ocean/confirm-e-mail-mention.png
   :width: 100%
   :align: center
   :alt: Confirm e-mail pop-up

Open your inbox, select the confirmation letter from ``Digital Ocean`` and click on the link.

.. image:: /img/user-guide/cloud/digital-ocean/confirm-e-mail-link.png
   :width: 100%
   :align: center
   :alt: Confirm e-mail link

Enter your credit/debit card details into the form to pay for cloud services. You also have the option of using ``PayPal`` account.

.. image:: /img/user-guide/cloud/digital-ocean/credit-card-form.png
   :width: 100%
   :align: center
   :alt: Credit or debit card details

Step 2: first project
=====================

On ``Digital Ocean``, create a project with multiple cloud services that you may use. For our purposes, we will rent only one
server, but anyway the project creation even for a single server is a necessary option.

Name it ``Remme-core`` and choose category named ``Service or API``.

.. image:: /img/user-guide/cloud/digital-ocean/create-first-project-head.png
   :width: 100%
   :align: center
   :alt: First project head details

Press ``Start`` button to finish the project creation.

.. image:: /img/user-guide/cloud/digital-ocean/create-first-project-bottom.png
   :width: 100%
   :align: center
   :alt: First project bottom details

Step 3: first droplet
=====================

Droplets are a scalable compute platform with add-on storage, security, and monitoring capabilities to easily run production applications.
Long story short, consider droplets as single server that will host ``Remme-core`` project.

Create it with green button at the right-top corner of the screen.

.. image:: /img/user-guide/cloud/digital-ocean/create-droplet.png
   :width: 100%
   :align: center
   :alt: Create droplet

Specify image ``Ubuntu 16.04.5 x64``, which should be regarded as an operating system.

.. image:: /img/user-guide/cloud/digital-ocean/droplet-image.png
   :width: 100%
   :align: center
   :alt: Specify droplet image

Choose ``Standard`` plan with virtual machine with the size of memory and processor power for ``$15 per month with 2GB / 2 CPUs``.

.. image:: /img/user-guide/cloud/digital-ocean/droplet-size.png
   :width: 100%
   :align: center
   :alt: Specify droplet size

We recommend to enable backups to revert the server if you will occasionally do something wrong.

.. image:: /img/user-guide/cloud/digital-ocean/droplet-enable-backup.png
   :width: 100%
   :align: center
   :alt: Enable droplet backup

Then generate your personal ``SSH key`` and add it to the server. Visit the :doc:`/user-guide/troubleshooting` section to
find information about your ``SSH key`` and instructions on how to generate it.

.. image:: /img/user-guide/cloud/digital-ocean/droplet-ssh-key.png
   :width: 100%
   :align: center
   :alt: Droplet SSH key

An example of your ``SSH key`` and how to add it to the droplet is illustrated in the image below.

.. image:: /img/user-guide/cloud/digital-ocean/droplet-ssh-key-adding.png
   :width: 100%
   :align: center
   :alt: Droplet SSH key adding

Go below, specify the name of the server to which we will connect (i.e. ``remme-core-testnet-node``) and press ``Create``.

.. image:: /img/user-guide/cloud/digital-ocean/droplet-hostname-and-start.png
   :width: 100%
   :align: center
   :alt: Specify droplet hostname and press start

Wait for your droplet to be ready as illustrated in the image below.

.. image:: /img/user-guide/cloud/digital-ocean/droplet-is-ready.png
   :width: 100%
   :align: center
   :alt: Droplet is ready

Step 4: login to droplet
========================

Open a terminal on your PC. Visit the :doc:`/user-guide/troubleshooting` section to find instructions how to do this.

Type the following command to login to the droplet. Remember to change ``157.230.146.230`` to your server ``IP address``.

.. code-block:: console

   $ ssh root@157.230.146.230

Then you will see the following text, type ``yes``.

.. code-block:: console

   The authenticity of host '157.230.146.230 (157.230.146.230)' can't be established.
   ECDSA key fingerprint is SHA256:uFq7qmVwA2Pb/voHO5ulxX3j0Yvb6zPY+4pDZBQSpuM.
   Are you sure you want to continue connecting (yes/no)?

After that you will be required to enter the password from the ``SSH key``. Note that when you do so, the password
doesn't appear – even stars or bullets shouldn’t appear as you wait to login to the account on the operating system.
Type in the password and press ``Enter``.

.. code-block:: console

   Warning: Permanently added '157.230.146.230' (ECDSA) to the list of known hosts.
   Enter passphrase for key '/Users/dmytrostriletskyi/.ssh/id_rsa':

When you see the following lie or similar it means you are successfully logged in:

.. code-block:: console

   Welcome to Ubuntu 16.04.5 LTS (GNU/Linux 4.4.0-142-generic x86_64)

     * Documentation:  https://help.ubuntu.com
     * Management:     https://landscape.canonical.com
     * Support:        https://ubuntu.com/advantage

   root@remme-core-testnet-node:~#

The flow is illustrated below.

.. image:: /img/user-guide/cloud/digital-ocean/droplet-ssh-key-login.png
   :width: 100%
   :align: center
   :alt: Droplet SSH key login

Step 5: start the project
=========================

Copy commands below and paste it into the terminal. You can change the value of ``REMME_CORE_RELEASE`` below, just take
a look at our `release list <https://github.com/Remmeauth/remme-core/releases>`_. We would recommend the latest version of
the project that already specified in the command below.

.. code-block:: console

   $ export REMME_CORE_RELEASE=0.7.0-alpha
   $ sudo apt-get install apt-transport-https ca-certificates curl software-properties-common make -y && \
         echo "REMME_CORE_RELEASE=$REMME_CORE_RELEASE" >> ~/.bashrc && \
         cd /home/ && curl -L https://github.com/Remmeauth/remme-core/archive/v$REMME_CORE_RELEASE.tar.gz | sudo tar zx && \
         cd remme-core-$REMME_CORE_RELEASE && \
         sudo apt update && sudo apt upgrade -y && \
         curl -fsSL https://download.docker.com/linux/ubuntu/gpg | sudo apt-key add - && \
         sudo apt update && \
         sudo apt install nginx docker.io -y && \
         curl https://gist.githubusercontent.com/dmytrostriletskyi/ba920936805f5516e9dcbaaf9ade9e02/raw/f1f207768868f48c03efcb0210df3c50168d220a/node-grafana-nginx.config > /etc/nginx/nginx.conf && \
         sudo curl -o /usr/local/bin/docker-compose -L "https://github.com/docker/compose/releases/download/1.23.2/docker-compose-$(uname -s)-$(uname -m)" && \
         sudo chmod +x /usr/local/bin/docker-compose && \
         curl -L https://github.com/Remmeauth/remme-mon-stack/archive/v1.0.1.tar.gz | sudo tar zx && \
         sudo docker-compose -f remme-mon-stack-1.0.1/docker-compose.yml up -d && \
         sudo make run_genesis_bg && \
         sudo systemctl restart nginx

.. image:: /img/user-guide/cloud/digital-ocean/installation-command.png
   :width: 100%
   :align: center
   :alt: Terminal installation command

The expected result of this command is illustrated below.

.. image:: /img/user-guide/cloud/digital-ocean/installation-output.png
   :width: 100%
   :align: center
   :alt: Installation output

If during installation the same window as illustrated below appears, just press ``Enter``.

.. image:: /img/user-guide/cloud/digital-ocean/installation-possible-window.png
   :width: 100%
   :align: center
   :alt: Installation possible window

When you see the same output as illustrated below, it means the node is ready to accept requests.

.. image:: /img/user-guide/cloud/digital-ocean/proof-core-is-up.png
   :width: 100%
   :align: center
   :alt: Proof core works

To check if your node has completed a correct setup, use the following commands, being logged in your droplet. Remember to
change ``157.230.146.230`` to your server's ``IP address``.

.. code-block:: console

   $ export NODE_IP_ADDRESS=157.230.146.230
   $ curl -X POST http://$NODE_IP_ADDRESS:8080 -H 'Content-Type: application/json' -d \
         '{"jsonrpc":"2.0","id":"11","method":"get_node_config","params":{}}' | python3 -m json.tool

The response should look similar to this:

.. code-block:: console

   {
       "id": "11",
       "jsonrpc": "2.0",
       "result": {
           "node_public_key": "028e7e9b060d7c407e428676299ced9afef4ce782995294d8ea01fd0f08cec9765"
       }
   }

The flow is illustrated below.

.. image:: /img/user-guide/cloud/digital-ocean/proof-core-is-working.png
   :width: 100%
   :align: center
   :alt: Proof core is working

Step 6: monitoring
==================

Another option to check if your node has completed a correct setup is the monitoring. While starting the node, the monitoring also
has been installed and started. **Completing this step is required**.

Monitoring is a process of tracking application performance to detect and prevent issues that could happen with your application
on a particular server. For the monitoring, we will use ``Grafana``. |grafana| is an open source, feature-rich metrics dashboard
and graph editor.

.. |grafana| raw:: html

   <a href="https://grafana.com/" target="_blank">Grafana</a>

Copy your server's ``IP address``, paste it into the browser address bar. Then add ``/grafana/`` to the end of the address and press ``Enter``.
Then you will see initial ``Grafana`` page with authentication. Enter ``admin`` to the ``User`` and ``Password`` fields.

.. image:: /img/user-guide/advanced-guide/monitoring/login.png
   :width: 100%
   :align: center
   :alt: Login to the Grafana

After entering the initial credentials you will reach the main page. Click on ``Main Dashboard`` to open monitoring graphs for
your node. If you do not see the ``Main Dashboard`` button, visit the :doc:`/user-guide/troubleshooting` section to
find instructions how solve it.

.. image:: /img/user-guide/advanced-guide/monitoring/main-dashboard.png
   :width: 100%
   :align: center
   :alt: Go to the Grafana main dashboard button

Here you will find information about uptime, CPU cores and their load, memory and its load, storage and its load. Also,
information about containers (components of the node) is presented on the right side of the page. Information
about container includes numbers on how much CPU each uses, and so on.

.. image:: /img/user-guide/advanced-guide/monitoring/dashboard.png
   :width: 100%
   :align: center
   :alt: Grafana dashboard

You should then personalize your your credentials. Go to the profile page.

.. image:: /img/user-guide/advanced-guide/monitoring/go-to-profile.png
   :width: 100%
   :align: center
   :alt: Go to the Grafana profile button

Change the name, email and username. Also, the preferences can be changed to suit your user interface needs.

.. image:: /img/user-guide/advanced-guide/monitoring/profile-settings.png
   :width: 100%
   :align: center
   :alt: Grafana profile settings

Don't forget to change the default password to a new and secure one.

.. image:: /img/user-guide/advanced-guide/monitoring/change-password.png
   :width: 100%
   :align: center
   :alt: Change Grafana profile password

What's next?
============

1. Secure your account with two-factor authentication that adds an extra layer of security to your account. To log in, you'll
need to provide a code along with your username and password.

.. image:: /img/user-guide/cloud/digital-ocean/2-fa-authentication.png
   :width: 100%
   :align: center
   :alt: 2FA authentication

2. Visit our :doc:`/user-guide/advanced-guide` for more details on user experience.
3. Communication with the node is available through :doc:`/apis/rpc` API, so check it out.

Commit message:

Move grafana trouble to grafana section

docs/user-guide/cloud/digital-ocean.rst, after:

*************
Digital Ocean
*************

**Digital Ocean** — cloud services that help to deploy and scale applications that run simultaneously on multiple
computers. Digital Ocean optimized configuration process saves time when running and scaling distributed
applications, AI & ML workloads, hosted services, client websites, or CI/CD environments.

Step 1: sign up
===============

Visit the |registration_link| to create your own account on ``Digital Ocean``.

.. |registration_link| raw:: html

   <a href="https://cloud.digitalocean.com/registrations/new" target="_blank">registration link</a>

If you login through another services such as ``Google``, some steps below couldn't be suitable for you.

.. image:: /img/user-guide/cloud/digital-ocean/sign-up-form.png
   :width: 100%
   :align: center
   :alt: Sign up form

After entering initial credentials you will get the pop-up to verify the account.

.. image:: /img/user-guide/cloud/digital-ocean/confirm-e-mail-mention.png
   :width: 100%
   :align: center
   :alt: Confirm e-mail pop-up

Open your inbox, select the confirmation letter from ``Digital Ocean`` and click on the link.

.. image:: /img/user-guide/cloud/digital-ocean/confirm-e-mail-link.png
   :width: 100%
   :align: center
   :alt: Confirm e-mail link

Enter your credit/debit card details into the form to pay for cloud services. You also have the option of using ``PayPal`` account.

.. image:: /img/user-guide/cloud/digital-ocean/credit-card-form.png
   :width: 100%
   :align: center
   :alt: Credit or debit card details

Step 2: first project
=====================

On ``Digital Ocean``, create a project with multiple cloud services that you may use. For our purposes, we will rent only one
server, but anyway the project creation even for a single server is a necessary option.

Name it ``Remme-core`` and choose category named ``Service or API``.

.. image:: /img/user-guide/cloud/digital-ocean/create-first-project-head.png
   :width: 100%
   :align: center
   :alt: First project head details

Press ``Start`` button to finish the project creation.

.. image:: /img/user-guide/cloud/digital-ocean/create-first-project-bottom.png
   :width: 100%
   :align: center
   :alt: First project bottom details

Step 3: first droplet
=====================

Droplets are a scalable compute platform with add-on storage, security, and monitoring capabilities to easily run production applications.
Long story short, consider droplets as single server that will host ``Remme-core`` project.

Create it with green button at the right-top corner of the screen.

.. image:: /img/user-guide/cloud/digital-ocean/create-droplet.png
   :width: 100%
   :align: center
   :alt: Create droplet

Specify image ``Ubuntu 16.04.5 x64``, which should be regarded as an operating system.

.. image:: /img/user-guide/cloud/digital-ocean/droplet-image.png
   :width: 100%
   :align: center
   :alt: Specify droplet image

Choose ``Standard`` plan with virtual machine with the size of memory and processor power for ``$15 per month with 2GB / 2 CPUs``.

.. image:: /img/user-guide/cloud/digital-ocean/droplet-size.png
   :width: 100%
   :align: center
   :alt: Specify droplet size

We recommend to enable backups to revert the server if you will occasionally do something wrong.

.. image:: /img/user-guide/cloud/digital-ocean/droplet-enable-backup.png
   :width: 100%
   :align: center
   :alt: Enable droplet backup

Then generate your personal ``SSH key`` and add it to the server. Visit the :doc:`/user-guide/troubleshooting` section to
find information about your ``SSH key`` and instructions on how to generate it.

.. image:: /img/user-guide/cloud/digital-ocean/droplet-ssh-key.png
   :width: 100%
   :align: center
   :alt: Droplet SSH key

An example of your ``SSH key`` and how to add it to the droplet is illustrated in the image below.

.. image:: /img/user-guide/cloud/digital-ocean/droplet-ssh-key-adding.png
   :width: 100%
   :align: center
   :alt: Droplet SSH key adding

Go below, specify the name of the server to which we will connect (i.e. ``remme-core-testnet-node``) and press ``Create``.

.. image:: /img/user-guide/cloud/digital-ocean/droplet-hostname-and-start.png
   :width: 100%
   :align: center
   :alt: Specify droplet hostname and press start

Wait for your droplet to be ready as illustrated in the image below.

.. image:: /img/user-guide/cloud/digital-ocean/droplet-is-ready.png
   :width: 100%
   :align: center
   :alt: Droplet is ready

Step 4: login to droplet
========================

Open a terminal on your PC. Visit the :doc:`/user-guide/troubleshooting` section to find instructions how to do this.

Type the following command to login to the droplet. Remember to change ``157.230.146.230`` to your server ``IP address``.

.. code-block:: console

   $ ssh root@157.230.146.230

Then you will see the following text, type ``yes``.

.. code-block:: console

   The authenticity of host '157.230.146.230 (157.230.146.230)' can't be established.
   ECDSA key fingerprint is SHA256:uFq7qmVwA2Pb/voHO5ulxX3j0Yvb6zPY+4pDZBQSpuM.
   Are you sure you want to continue connecting (yes/no)?

After that you will be required to enter the password from the ``SSH key``. Note that when you do so, the password
doesn't appear – even stars or bullets shouldn’t appear as you wait to login to the account on the operating system.
Type in the password and press ``Enter``.

.. code-block:: console

   Warning: Permanently added '157.230.146.230' (ECDSA) to the list of known hosts.
   Enter passphrase for key '/Users/dmytrostriletskyi/.ssh/id_rsa':

When you see the following lie or similar it means you are successfully logged in:

.. code-block:: console

   Welcome to Ubuntu 16.04.5 LTS (GNU/Linux 4.4.0-142-generic x86_64)

     * Documentation:  https://help.ubuntu.com
     * Management:     https://landscape.canonical.com
     * Support:        https://ubuntu.com/advantage

   root@remme-core-testnet-node:~#

The flow is illustrated below.

.. image:: /img/user-guide/cloud/digital-ocean/droplet-ssh-key-login.png
   :width: 100%
   :align: center
   :alt: Droplet SSH key login

Step 5: start the project
=========================

Copy commands below and paste it into the terminal. You can change the value of ``REMME_CORE_RELEASE`` below, just take
a look at our `release list <https://github.com/Remmeauth/remme-core/releases>`_. We would recommend the latest version of
the project that already specified in the command below.

.. code-block:: console

   $ export REMME_CORE_RELEASE=0.7.0-alpha
   $ sudo apt-get install apt-transport-https ca-certificates curl software-properties-common make -y && \
         echo "REMME_CORE_RELEASE=$REMME_CORE_RELEASE" >> ~/.bashrc && \
         cd /home/ && curl -L https://github.com/Remmeauth/remme-core/archive/v$REMME_CORE_RELEASE.tar.gz | sudo tar zx && \
         cd remme-core-$REMME_CORE_RELEASE && \
         sudo apt update && sudo apt upgrade -y && \
         curl -fsSL https://download.docker.com/linux/ubuntu/gpg | sudo apt-key add - && \
         sudo apt update && \
         sudo apt install nginx docker.io -y && \
         curl https://gist.githubusercontent.com/dmytrostriletskyi/ba920936805f5516e9dcbaaf9ade9e02/raw/f1f207768868f48c03efcb0210df3c50168d220a/node-grafana-nginx.config > /etc/nginx/nginx.conf && \
         sudo curl -o /usr/local/bin/docker-compose -L "https://github.com/docker/compose/releases/download/1.23.2/docker-compose-$(uname -s)-$(uname -m)" && \
         sudo chmod +x /usr/local/bin/docker-compose && \
         curl -L https://github.com/Remmeauth/remme-mon-stack/archive/v1.0.1.tar.gz | sudo tar zx && \
         sudo docker-compose -f remme-mon-stack-1.0.1/docker-compose.yml up -d && \
         sudo make run_genesis_bg && \
         sudo systemctl restart nginx

.. image:: /img/user-guide/cloud/digital-ocean/installation-command.png
   :width: 100%
   :align: center
   :alt: Terminal installation command

The expected result of this command is illustrated below.

.. image:: /img/user-guide/cloud/digital-ocean/installation-output.png
   :width: 100%
   :align: center
   :alt: Installation output

If during installation the same window as illustrated below appears, just press ``Enter``.

.. image:: /img/user-guide/cloud/digital-ocean/installation-possible-window.png
   :width: 100%
   :align: center
   :alt: Installation possible window

When you see the same output as illustrated below, it means the node is ready to accept requests.

.. image:: /img/user-guide/cloud/digital-ocean/proof-core-is-up.png
   :width: 100%
   :align: center
   :alt: Proof core works

To check if your node has completed a correct setup, use the following commands, being logged in your droplet. Remember to
change ``157.230.146.230`` to your server's ``IP address``.

.. code-block:: console

   $ export NODE_IP_ADDRESS=157.230.146.230
   $ curl -X POST http://$NODE_IP_ADDRESS:8080 -H 'Content-Type: application/json' -d \
         '{"jsonrpc":"2.0","id":"11","method":"get_node_config","params":{}}' | python3 -m json.tool

The response should look similar to this:

.. code-block:: console

   {
       "id": "11",
       "jsonrpc": "2.0",
       "result": {
           "node_public_key": "028e7e9b060d7c407e428676299ced9afef4ce782995294d8ea01fd0f08cec9765"
       }
   }

The flow is illustrated below.

.. image:: /img/user-guide/cloud/digital-ocean/proof-core-is-working.png
   :width: 100%
   :align: center
   :alt: Proof core is working

Step 6: monitoring
==================

Another option to check if your node has completed a correct setup is the monitoring. While starting the node, the monitoring also
has been installed and started. **Completing this step is required**.

Monitoring is a process of tracking application performance to detect and prevent issues that could happen with your application
on a particular server. For the monitoring, we will use ``Grafana``. |grafana| is an open source, feature-rich metrics dashboard
and graph editor.

.. |grafana| raw:: html

   <a href="https://grafana.com/" target="_blank">Grafana</a>

Copy your server's ``IP address``, paste it into the browser address bar. Then add ``/grafana/`` to the end of the address and press ``Enter``.
Then you will see initial ``Grafana`` page with authentication. Enter ``admin`` to the ``User`` and ``Password`` fields.

.. image:: /img/user-guide/advanced-guide/monitoring/login.png
   :width: 100%
   :align: center
   :alt: Login to the Grafana

After entering the initial credentials you will reach the main page. Click on the ``Home`` button right away from ``Grafana`` logo.

.. image:: /img/user-guide/troubleshooting/grafana/home-button.png
   :width: 100%
   :align: center
   :alt: Grafana home button

Then click on button named ``Main Dashboard`` bottom away from the search bar.

.. image:: /img/user-guide/troubleshooting/grafana/dashboard-under-search.png
   :width: 100%
   :align: center
   :alt: Dashboard under search

Here you will find information about uptime, CPU cores and their load, memory and its load, storage and its load. Also,
information about containers (components of the node) is presented on the right side of the page. Information
about container includes numbers on how much CPU each uses, and so on.

.. image:: /img/user-guide/advanced-guide/monitoring/dashboard.png
   :width: 100%
   :align: center
   :alt: Grafana dashboard

You should then personalize your credentials. Go to the profile page.

.. image:: /img/user-guide/advanced-guide/monitoring/go-to-profile.png
   :width: 100%
   :align: center
   :alt: Go to the Grafana profile button

Change the name, email and username. Also, the preferences can be changed to suit your user interface needs.

.. image:: /img/user-guide/advanced-guide/monitoring/profile-settings.png
   :width: 100%
   :align: center
   :alt: Grafana profile settings

Don't forget to change the default password to a new and secure one.

.. image:: /img/user-guide/advanced-guide/monitoring/change-password.png
   :width: 100%
   :align: center
   :alt: Change Grafana profile password

What's next?
============

1. Secure your account with two-factor authentication that adds an extra layer of security to your account. To log in, you'll
need to provide a code along with your username and password.

.. image:: /img/user-guide/cloud/digital-ocean/2-fa-authentication.png
   :width: 100%
   :align: center
   :alt: 2FA authentication

2. Visit our :doc:`/user-guide/advanced-guide` for more details on user experience.
3. Communication with the node is available through :doc:`/apis/rpc` API, so check it out.
