docs/user-guide/local.rst, before:

****************************
Start with personal computer
****************************

Personal computer (PC) is designed for an individual user.

Disclaimer
==========

Before running the project on a PC, check out the :doc:`/user-guide/troubleshooting` section to eliminate problems.

Our documentation offers tutorials for the most common operating systems. However, if you haven’t found the right option
or do not fit technical requirements, visit :doc:`/user-guide/cloud` to deal with the node on cloud services.

Technical requirements
======================

1. ``Docker`` (18.03.1-ce, build 9ee9f40) and ``Docker Compose`` (1.21.0, build 5920eb0). Higher versions are compatible.
2. Unix system i.e. ``MacOS``, ``Linux``.
3. At least 2 CPU cores.
4. At least 2 GB RAM.
5. Machine’s time settings are up-to-date.

Operating systems
=================

To get started, choose the guide for the operating system.

.. toctree::
   :maxdepth: 2

   local/ubuntu-16.04.rst
   local/ubuntu-18.04.rst
   local/mac-os.rst

Commit message:

Add info about free HDD space, remove SSH connection for Vultr

docs/user-guide/local.rst, after:

****************************
Start with personal computer
****************************

Personal computer (PC) is designed for an individual user.

Disclaimer
==========

Before running the project on a PC, check out the :doc:`/user-guide/troubleshooting` section to eliminate problems.

Our documentation offers tutorials for the most common operating systems. However, if you haven’t found the right option
or do not fit technical requirements, visit :doc:`/user-guide/cloud` to deal with the node on cloud services.

Technical requirements
======================

1. ``Docker`` (18.03.1-ce, build 9ee9f40) and ``Docker Compose`` (1.21.0, build 5920eb0). Higher versions are compatible.
2. Unix system i.e. ``MacOS``, ``Linux``.
3. At least 2 CPU cores.
4. At least 2 GB RAM.
5. At least 60 GB free hard drive space.
6. Machine’s time settings are up-to-date.

Operating systems
=================

To get started, choose the guide for the operating system.

.. toctree::
   :maxdepth: 2

   local/ubuntu-16.04.rst
   local/ubuntu-18.04.rst
   local/mac-os.rst
